Altaf Mehdi Dhanji
DHA21548344

Web Design 2

The website I have created is a site for statistics for the premier league in the 2021-2022 season, which includes the Premier league table, the full time results of the whole season and team statistics of Arsenal Football Club. The project I would say is small, but I had come across a lot of difficulties in regards to getting a working API with the information I needed to complete the task. Even once I had found a working API, I was limited to only using that API 100 times a day and I had to find out the specific key words the API used in order to call the data. In terms of design, it is a very simple looking website, which I believe highlighted a lot of my weaknesses, or areas I need to improve on, such as leaving a lot of dead space. The table and results page would require more work, thinking about it now, it would have been more beneficial to make the Navbar have a background color, and then before the table began have a white background, and I could have implemented the search function a bit better, and have a better table design, this would also be the same for the results page. One area I am slightly happy with is the Team page, where you can see the Arsenal card, when the card is clicked on the team stats appear, this was done by importing the framer-motion library and using the <motion.div> tags. If I had more time, I would have tried to do it so I could have a card for every team in the league, and made the page so you could view 4 cards per row. However, I had a lot of complications retrieving the API for that page and I had to hard code the figure in order to meet the deadline.

I used an external library for the navbar (https://react-bootstrap.github.io/components/navbar/), for ease of time, this still proved to be a challenge due to not having full customisation of the bar. I also used https://codioful.com/ for the background. All photos used on the page have the website I got them from in the code as reference, as well as the link I got the API from.

Overall during the course of this assignment, I learnt more of what I need to accomplish to progress within this challenging field. I also learnt a lot about how to create certain components such as a table, or results with a map function and using API’s.
